Subba Muthurangan, Erik Platt, Thang Vo, Carrie Wu, Junlan Zhou
P452-55
Group Project Plan - Deliverable B
October 22, 2017

	Within the category of Finance and Investments, our team has settled on Chipotle as a primary topic of interest.  We chose to study Chipotle due to the number of high profile food poisoning scares they have faced over the last year, as well as the accompanying swings in stock price.  Utilizing sentiment analysis to study a company requires there to be an adequate volume of discussion on the topic.  With Chipotle, there is no shortage of data--especially during a food poisoning scare.  Furthermore, the impact to the stock price brings in an interesting question as to whether customer sentiment plays a significant role in stock value.
	We identified several competitors for comparison to Chipotle.  The initial group included Panera, Noodles, McDonald’s, Taco Bell, and Yum! Brands.  The list was pared down to exclude Panera and Taco Bell.  Panera was bought out by Krispy Kreme which caused an incomplete stock profile, making it not easily comparable.  Taco Bell was found to be part of Yum! Brands (including KFC and Pizza Hut as well) which means its stock price would already be incorporated under the larger company.  
	The two general sets of data used for analysis will be based on stock price and customer sentiment.  For all intents and purposes, stock price data is very easy to work with.  We have a distinct price for every business day for every competitor that is publicly traded.  Data is publicly available and arrives in a clean format that does not require any extra work to analyze.  Customer sentiment data is a bit more tricky.  In our first iterations of data pulls, we attempted to use Twitter’s free API to pull tweets relating to Chipotle.  We found that the free API is severely limited.  We are unable to pull historical data.  Rather, we receive only the most recent tweets.  Additionally, we are only able to pull up a limited number of tweets at a time.  These same issues will be true of the remainder of our competitor set.  As a result, we are looking into other sources or datasets to pull in customer sentiment data.  While volume of data is important, it is a necessity to capture historical data to establish sentiment before, during, and after food poisoning scares.
	Ultimately, the goal is to analyze how how customer sentiment corresponds to stock price.  We will use historical food poisoning events in Chipotle’s history as focus points for the analysis.  Competitor information will help to control for exterior influences Chipotle’s stock or customer sentiment data.  Our next step is to finalize sentiment extraction methodologies, then to being analysis.
